docs(file-upload): added types for UploadedFile argument (#1604)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/techniques/file-upload.md

> warning **Warning** Multer cannot process data which is not in the supported multipart format (`multipart/form-data`). Also, note that this package is not compatible with the `FastifyAdapter`.

#### Use with Express (default)

> To work properly with Typescript, its types must be installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First install the types of the required package to properly work with Typescript:
```

Reviewer 2: I think either of these is fine here. Maybe we could use something like

```suggestion
If you want to use the `Express.Multer.File` type for `@UploadedFile()` files, it is necessary to install the types:
```

to show that this is a completely optional step and only necessary if the dev wants to use this type.

Author: @jmcdo29  i think if we really have to make a change, I'd say use yours as a change, ok?

```shell
$ npm i -D @types/multer
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Instead of adding this as a heading, I think we should rather add a blockquote (hint) + the heading title is somewhat misleading, especially the "default" part given that this doesn't work with Fastify at all (and after reading this heading, I would have assumed there's an alternative way covered)

Author: For me it is indifferent, @jmcdo29  what do you think?
